(All characters, organizations, locations, )
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
What are you doing here?
What are you...
doing here,
Han Wu?
Kang Woo, what happened is...
Traitor.
Detective Jo, who do you work for?
You've betrayed your friend.
I didn't betray him.
Han Wu.
It's not you, is it?
Kang Woo.
I'm sorry.
Why aren't they saying anything?
How long will they just stand there?
Ha Ri. Why did you turn it off?
That's Detective Jo.
Mr. Choi's friend of 22 years.
Let's them have a talk.
Then you should leave now.
This isn't your office.
Let me get some sleep.
Since when did this happen?
I first met him...
at Mi Sook and Ju Won's funeral...
two years ago.
Met who?
Hey. How dare you come here?
I'm still a cop.
I know.
You're Detective Jo of Intellectual Crimes...
Unit at Daemyeong Police Station.
You should pay back...
the money you owe even if you're a cop.
Taking out a huge underground loan,
isn't that against Public Service Ethics Act?
I'll pay it back,
so just leave quietly.
Chairman Cha of Taeyang Insurance.
Nothing happened.
I just...
ran errands for him time to time.
Kang Woo.
After Hwan Hee's surgery failed, you know...
how much her monthly medical bill became.
I didn't tell him much about you guys.
What did you tell him?
I told him that Ko Jin Chul's DNA...
was found on Kim Min Joon's clothes.
- What's this? - Min Joon was wearing...
those clothes when Ko Jin Chul attacked him.
There's Ko Jin Chul's DNA on it.
The troubleshooter's DNA...
was found on the small fry you missed.
The dog bit it.
It was you.
It wasn't Moo Shin then?
I'm sorry.
What about Shin Ji Woong?
Did you tell him about that as well?
- Shin Ji Woong... - Shin Ji Woong!
You heard that Shin Ji Woong...
told us the truth.
I got his phone call, but...
Yes.
Where are you?
I didn't tell him.
I'm at the hospital.
Did you hear?
Your daughter Hwan Hee's transplant surgery...
will be scheduled soon.
Yes. Thank you, Chairman Cha.
Thanks to you, I caught the leaker.
Good job, Detective Jo.
What's happening to them?
They hit a dead-end.
They won't find anything.
Why?
The leaker was Ko Jin Chul.
What if you end up like him?
You know I'm your friend...
My friend?
You call yourself my friend?
I'm...
I'm sorry, but...
Kang Woo, please....
Could you please keep quiet for a few days?
Hwan Hee is...
getting surgery soon.
If this surgery goes well,
I'll investigate this...
and confess everything.
Investigate and confess?
Do you think Chairman Cha bribed you only?
Ko Jin Chul died in a police station.
Abiding by the law, my foot.
I'll take care of it my way.
Kang Woo.
Mi Sook and Ju Won are dead anyway.
- What? - They won't come back...
even if you behave this way.
But Hwan Hee...
If she doesn't...
have this surgery,
she'll die.
Okay. So what will you do now, Mr. Choi?
You won't be shaken up again, will you?
Tell him...
that there's nothing here.
We'll keep quiet too.
Kang Woo.
From now on, I'll...
It's only until she gets her surgery.
Get lost.
Never show up again.
What an idiot.
Mr. Choi.
You're hopeless.
(Episode 9)
There.
Where's Dr. Kim?
He went out for a run.
- He's jogging. - Jogging?
When did he go out?
More than two hours ago.
He's running for a long time.
Dr. Kim, where are you?
Well...
I got hurt while I was running.
I need to go to a hospital.
(Hanju Hospital)
Okay.
- Hey. - Hospital?
Check if anyone watched Mr. Choi and...
Detective Jo having a conversation.
Okay.
(Blue Security Solution)
It looks like Dr. Kim was watching the surveillance.
What?
I told him not to.
Check if the video of...
the original insurance policy...
from Joo Hyun Ki's safe has been copied.
It has. One hour ago.
(Downloaded: Yes)
Did Dr. Kim make a copy and leave?
Why would he?
Which hospital is Detective Jo's...
daughter Hwan Hee at?
She's at Hanju Hospital.
(Jo Hwan Hee)
The cafeteria food...
smelled like disinfectant at first,
but now I'm used to it.
I'm sorry.
I can't help myself but talk to the families...
of long-stay patients.
Who's in the hospital?
My brother is.
He's 35 years old.
It's been two years.
I'm used to it now.
"Used to it".
That's a scary phrase.
My 13-year-old daughter is here.
She's been hospitalized...
for four years already.
Mrs. Jo.
Good. I found you.
Hwan Hee just woke up.
Did she?
- Good luck. - Thank you.
Please.
You seem fine.
I heard you got injured.
You know...
why I'm here.
How long will you keep this up?
Do you really want to use a mother who's been...
waiting for her daughter's transplant for four years?
Do I look like that kind of person?
Did Cheetah tell you?
You two are going out, aren't you?
What nonsense.
Hey, Dr. Kim.
He's not my type.
Pardon?
Ma'am!
Kim Min Joon.
Give it to me.
Give you what?
The copy of the insurance policy video.
What?
Kim Min Joon.
Ms. Jang.
- Hey. - Hey.
Do you know him?
Well...
You are Detective Jo's wife?
Then is your daughter's name Hwan Hee?
- Hey. - Do you know my husband?
- That's... - Of course.
He helped me...
find my brother when he went missing.
Are you threatening me now?
That's not it.
You're right. I came to threaten you.
But I'm not going to.
I feel too bad for your wife.
You must have your daughter...
get a surgery anyhow. Don't you agree?
Give this to Chairman Cha...
in order to make them keep believing...
that you're a traitor.
That's the certain way to get the financial support.
What?
Think about it.
Chairman Cha sent you to spy on Mad Dog,
so he must've known that something was suspicious.
Do you think he'd believe you...
if you told him you couldn't find anything?
Hold on. Let's discuss this with Mr. Choi first.
Until when will you just follow...
what he tells you to do?
What?
Mr. Choi is no good...
because he tries to take all the risk alone.
Detective Jo.
Don't you feel sorry for what you've done...
to your friend?
Do you think you'll be happy...
if you betray your friend and save your daughter?
I'll do it.
Give that to me.
Ms. Jang.
I haven't been able to tell you this until now.
I'm sorry.
I'll hand this to him.
What?
Do you feel bad?
I'm not sure why...
all the members of Mad Dog are softies.
Ms. Jang.
Come to your senses.
Otherwise, you might let another man rip you off.
Did you realize that you clench the other fist...
right before you throw a punch?
I got you.
Hey, Kim Min Joon!
(Mr. Choi)
Let's have lunch together.
Why don't you have a proper meal?
I don't have much appetite.
I can't drink because I'm on my duty.
Did something happen?
Detective Jo is on the move.
- What? - Mr. Kim instigated him.
That punk...
Why didn't you stop him?
I left him be.
Detective Jo should do at least that much.
He's an adult...
and a detective.
He'll pull it off.
What if Chairman Cha finds out?
What if Hwan Hee can't get a surgery?
I won't let that happen. I'll be responsible...
Stop him. I'll do it myself.
Mr. Choi.
Do you know that you and Min Joon are similar?
- What? - You never listen...
to others and try to do everything by yourself.
You try to take responsibility alone.
You two are exactly the same.
He's like that because he can't trust people.
But why are you like that?
Can't you trust me?
I wouldn't have joined Taeyang if I couldn't.
But you're anxious, right?
So you are.
At least Mr. Kim is honest.
Ha Ri, I'm anxious...
not because I can't trust you.
I'm not reliable enough.
I'll call you later.
How did you...
How was your talk with Mr. Choi?
What did he say? Did he give his approval?
Why don't you ask him yourself?
I'm worried he might scold me if I did.
He's the type that nags too much.
He can't seem to trust others well either.
What?
I got you on this. What is it?
Does he not trust you 100 percent either?
Poor you.
You must feel hurt.
Do you like Mr. Choi?
- As a man? - You want to die?
I know you don't.
You two are more like a father and daughter.
Get out.
Goodness, you and him...
What's the problem with you two?
How did you first meet him?
Did he catch a con artist who preyed on you?
He caught a con artist who led my dad to die.
My dad got involved in an insurance fraud.
He was falsely accused of all the blame.
He died of cancer...
in a detention center.
He got conned because of me.
He wanted to help his only daughter...
become a gymnast.
He had no money because he raised his girl alone...
by running a car center.
That's how he got fooled by a con artist.
You know, they target those with weaknesses.
Con artists like you.
You people endlessly look around...
- and sound people out. - Ms. Jang.
You think they're fools to get tricked, don't you?
"I'm not sure why..."
"all the members of Mad Dog are softies."
Right, Mr. Kim?
Look.
I don't take con artists like you...
as humans.
You're not even a human to me.
So...
Okay, okay.
I'll get off.
(Mad Dog: Traitor)
Kang Woo took the bait?
Yes, sir.
Your daughter's surgery is this weekend, right?
Yes. Thank you, sir.
I didn't do much.
I only made a few phone calls.
Bye.
Aren't you eating?
I ate already.
Then why did you want to see me here?
Then what?
Where else would I see you?
Just eat your food.
Don't skip meals, you jerk.
Kang Woo.
I'll call you.
Don't, you punk.
Shall I go...
see Chairman Cha Joon Kyu now?
(Contractor: Kim Bum Joon)
Did he just leave it there?
They started constructing...
the study where the vault was hidden.
I think they're changing the vault's location.
I know how Hyun Ki is.
He wouldn't leave it the same...
when Kang Woo got into his vault.
Should I go check...
There's no need.
You might ruin everything if you did.
Let's wait quietly...
until next week.
Yes, sir.
Did the dog's teeth go blunt?
Should I bring him to his senses?
Sir, Mr. Choi is here to see you.
It's better for you not to run into him yet.
Tell him to come to my greenhouse.
He wants to see you in his greenhouse.
All right.
What brings you here?
The ex-special force broker is indicted.
Really?
Then...
is everything over?
Yes, and the documents are stored in the depository.
Okay.
Is something going on?
Why?
I've been seeing some people from JH at work.
Since Jung Pil has collapsed,
I've been helping out my friend's son.
Who did you see?
On the first day I returned,
I saw Vice President Joo Hyun Ki.
Oh, is that so?
Yes.
- I'll do it, sir. - No, don't touch it.
You'll get dirty.
I'll do it.
Then I'll go back down.
Sure.
He didn't say, "Stop it." It was "Don't touch it."
Gosh, I had no idea...
you would be willing to meet me,
Mr. Jan Gebauer.
I hope you aren't secretly recording me.
Of course not.
Anyway,
are you really going to make a report about JH?
I'm thinking about it.
If I'm going to do it, I should do it soon.
But it looks like JH can't be the talk of the town.
They can't be the talk of the town?
Something is going on within JH, right?
It's just a rumor.
I heard President Joo Jung Pil's...
funeral will be held very soon.
How do they know when he'll die?
Well, to be honest,
the rumor is that he died two years ago,
but they refrained from...
reporting his death...
because of Vice President Joo's succession.
Vice President Joo...
finally obtained the last seven percent...
of the shares of friendly investors...
he needed for the succession last week.
If President Joo has really passed away,
there's no reason for him to lawfully live anymore.
He first appeared in the world...
after the Flight 801 crashed,
then he rises above after his dad's death.
(Voice recording in the flight deck of JH801)
Kim Bum Joon!
No!
I don't hear...
Bum Joon's voice.
Did you fabricate...
the voice recorder to take JH for yourself,
Mr. Joo Hyun Ki?
We will release an article about...
the president's condition tomorrow at 10pm.
Good.
Was yesterday the beginning of winter?
Right, when winter comes...
and the wind gets colder,
the condition of the sick and old tend to worsen.
Mr. Lee.
Were you hurt because I said...
I didn't trust you the last time?
No, sir.
I'm disappointed.
I wanted you to be hurt.
What's happening with Kim Bum Joon's brother?
He wasn't there on the day of our meeting.
Is that so?
Why are you telling me this now?
You have a message.
There's a problem.
("The Family of Flight 801's Co-pilot")
("Reports the Truth About JH Air to the World")
(I accuse JH Air of my brother's depression.)
Remove him.
You.
How dare you try to accuse anyone...
as a brother of a criminal?
You crazy idiot.
What kind of a situation is this?
Darn you, jerk.
What should we do?
What do you think?
We should stop him.
- Stop him. - You.
Don't you dare show yourself again.
Don't you dare come near me again.
Scumbag.
Let go of me.
I apologize.
I made a scene because of my personal grudge.
No, it's all right.
I heard you lost your family...
on an accident of our flight.
I'm not sure what I can say.
Did you know?
Well, yes.
It looked like you went to school with Hong Joo.
I became a bit interested in you.
Director Cha was part of my team...
when she first began.
I heard that.
You were her immediate superior.
But I wonder if there was something more going on.
I'm just joking.
Anyway,
what brings an employee of Taeyang Insurance...
to JH today?
(JH 801 Claims Settlement)
After I returned to work,
I began to check the settlement histories.
In the claims settlement file of the accident...
of Flight 801 which happened 2 years ago,
I do not see a record of the black box.
What do you mean?
I needed to see a copy of the black box,
but it's missing from the case file.
This can be problematic...
if someone finds this during an inspection.
I was wondering if I may obtain...
a copy of the black box unofficially.
If that's the case,
I'll send it to you.
Thank you, Vice President Joo.
Don't mention it.
Have some tea.
That's odd.
I wonder why that's missing.
[VIU Ver] E09 Mad Dog "The Traitor & Trap"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are you all right?
Do I look okay?
Why couldn't you be more gentle?
That wasn't what you promised.
That's why I told you to live quietly.
I ended up punching you with my heart.
Don't waste your heart on me.
You should look out for Ms. Jang.
Hey, Mr. Kim.
It's not because of you.
I hurt her a bit.
What?
It's nothing, but...
Gosh, I'm clueless about this useless stuff.
Useless stuff?
I have no idea how I can comfort someone...
when they are hurt.
And don't mention a thing about showing my heart.
I don't have one.
Hey, leave Ha Ri alone.
What did I do?
I didn't do anything.
You people at Mad Dog are all very weird.
Did you talk to him about the black box?
He pretended like he wasn't shaken,
but now that he heard it, he'll talk to him.
It looks like Chairman Cha will become busy now.
He rested well for the last two years.
It's about time he got busy.
And you.
Okay, fine.
I'll apologize to Ms. Jang.
Darn you.
Did they fight one another?
(Chairman Cha Joon Kyu)
- What? - What's up your sleeve?
What are you saying?
Why is he asking for the black box?
Make it up and edit it or something.
What do you mean?
Ask Manager Choi Kang Woo.
Is this some kind of comedy?
You have the original file.
You didn't lose...
the original file, did you?
Chairman Cha has...
the original record.
What are you talking about?
Don't yap before cracking down on the snitch.
I cracked down on it of course.
You don't have to tell me twice.
Stop your nonsense...
and just clampdown on mine.
As promised,
we'll exchange them after the meeting.
Okay. Don't worry,
Chairman Cha.
What's up your sleeve?
Why is he asking for the black box?
Make it up and edit it or something.
Ask Manager Choi Kang Woo.
Is this some kind of comedy?
You have the original.
You didn't lose the original, did you?
Chairman Cha has the original black box record.
After the investigation,
what happens to the black box?
Aviation and Railway Accident Investigation...
Act 19, Article 3.
Detention of a black box must be lifted...
as soon as it is no longer needed for investigation.
Detention? Lifted?
It has to be returned to the airline.
Why does the insurance company have it then?
- With the insurance... - It's the insurance.
Joo Hyun Ki has the original insurance policy.
Cha Joon Kyu has...
the airline's black box.
It's a way to prevent...
a betrayal.
You're smart, Dr. Kim.
That means...
both companies are...
responsible for the accident.
How is that possible?
The most likely cause...
is the problem with the airplane.
That's the airline's fault.
Yes. The insurance company...
has to pay when there's an accident.
That's a crazy amount of money.
It's not that much.
In big cases like aviation insurance,
they get re-insured through a foreign company.
Out of...
the total payout of 200 million dollars,
Taeyang Insurance only paid 5 million.
And they gave 3.4 million to me...
after fabricating the insurance.
Something is suspicious.
What?
Then...
where's the black box now?
Since he's the chairman,
he must've kept it in a high security safe or...
No. Something nobody would touch.
A place where no one should touch.
- I'll do it, sir. - No, don't touch it.
You'll get dirty.
I'll do it.
It's the green house...
inside the chairman's office.
- What? - What?
Shall we check it out then?
Pentium, pull up the tracker number five.
It's in the office...
Dr. Kim.
Did you touch my work again?
I'll install an electric shocker.
Sorry.
Where did you put the tracker?
On the USB you gave Detective Jo.
You should've told me you put it on there.
Well, I was going to,
but you got mad at me.
- Sorry. - I got the location.
It's an office in Taeyang Insurance.
It's very likely that it's the greenhouse.
(Indoor gardening)
Then shall we fish in a grass field?
Mr. Choi, when should the D-Day be?
Chairman Cha is in his office...
even on the weekends.
Let's check the schedule. Goodnight.
- Okay. - Okay.
Goodnight.
Do you want to grab a beer?
- Yes. - Let's go have soju.
- Okay. - Sure.
Where are you going, Hong Joo?
What? Are you going to go eat chicken feet?
Did you learn...
to eat that kind of trash from Kang Woo?
Go home quietly...
if you're drunk.
Do you like that guy?
You don't, do you?
You shouldn't. He was...
a married man with a kid.
Mr. Joo Hyun Ki.
Stop...
your nonsense.
You must really like him.
But you know what?
I think he's...
digging into...
the accident from two years ago.
Insurance policy...
and black box.
It was a slip of the tongue.
Insurance policy...
and black box?
I asked you what's not there.
Kim Bum Joon's original insurance policy.
The contract screening team is holding...
Not the fabricated one.
I mean the original, Director Cha.
Has his insurance policy been fabricated?
What's your ground?
Why?
I think that's my question.
Did you...
fabricate the policy?
How did you know?
Did the old man tell you?
What have you...
and my dad done?
What do you mean? We just did what we needed to.
Hong Joo,
you didn't actually believe that...
pilot Kim Bum Joon was...
depressed and crashed the plane...
with 190 people on it,
did you?
You believed it?
Hey.
Your dad and I made that up, Hong Joo.
Kim Bum Joon's original insurance policy.
Not the fabricated one.
- I mean the original. - Planner Lee Mi Ran.
Was she...
- alive? - She was...
alive, but not anymore.
Your dad and I made that up, Hong Joo.
If it's not in our memory,
then it isn't true.
We just have to...
make that not true.
Hong Joo.
Don't cry now.
You'll have to cry tomorrow.
Because my dad will pass away in the morning.
See you tomorrow.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Dr. Kim. Come here.
He worked hard today.
Mr. Choi wants him fed.
I'm leaving.
You don't have to do that.
Aren't you overreacting?
Me?
I don't overreact.
Pentium.
I'm craving sausage right now.
Are you? They should have some here. Excuse me!
No, not that kind of sausage.
But the big ones...
like the ones made in Germany.
Rindwurst? Currywurst?
Yes. Something like that. Let's go get some.
- Okay. - Where are you going?
Those will be hard to find.
- Hey. - Pardon?
I don't drink soju.
Okay, ma'am.
- I'm sorry. - Pardon?
I shouldn't have gotten angry at you. I'm sorry.
What's this?
Why are you apologizing to me?
I'm the one who pricked you.
Gosh, you're so clueless.
That's why men...
Is it just one?
Have you only dated one guy?
That's none of your business.
You're right.
It's bitter. Why is it so bitter?
What, JH?
Juhan Air?
The airline that caused accident two years ago?
The crazy assistant pilot crashed the plane...
for money.
That's right.
Mr. Kim.
There.
It's said that Chairman Joo of JH Group,
the mother company of Juhan Air,
is in a critical condition.
Two years ago, Chairman Joo collapsed...
right after the JH 801 crash incident...
and has been under medical treatment.
It was known his condition got better recently.
However, according to the staff,
it seems like he might not get through tonight.
Meanwhile, Vice President Joo,
the only son of the chairman,
is said to be staying...
by his father's side at Hanju Hospital...
where the chairman is hospitalized in.
"Nothing has to happen until next week."
Nothing has to happen until next week.
Because his father's funeral...
is scheduled to take place.
Announce the news of his death.
Yes, sir.
Goodness, Father.
Father.
At 2:23am today,
the chairman of JH Group passed away.
Since early in the morning,
politicians and business people are gathering...
at his funeral in Hanju Hospital...
to mourn over his sudden death.
His body is expected to pass through...
his house and the JH Group headquarters...
and to be buried in Hansung Memorial Park.
Meanwhile, Chairman Joo is...
the leading person who developed...
Juhan Air to be the top airline.
He's recognized as a person...
who marked a new era in the industry.
It must've been hard to stay alive...
for the last two years, my friend.
Vice President Joo is out on business today.
There are three security doors to pass in Taeyang.
You need a given pass to open the doors.
Outsiders must leave their ID cards...
and get a visitor's pass.
(Taeyang Insurance)
"Kim Cheol Soo" and "Park Young Hee"?
Cheol Soo and Young Hee. Doesn't it sound nice?
- I'm Young Hee? - Yes.
You used my picture without permission.
What about you, Ms. Jang?
I worked there for more than two years.
They know my face.
Then just show them your face and walk in.
Mr. Choi.
I have something to talk about...
the insurance policy which you mentioned last time.
I have to attend the funeral...
with the chairman today.
Let's talk tomorrow.
Okay, ma'am.
What's that file?
It's the files regarding Ko Jin Chul's case.
I found some omitted information.
Was the person in charge Ms. Jang?
She was the person in charge of his case, right?
Yes, that's right.
Then you better call her.
Tell her to give it back if she leaked...
any more of our company's data.
Since you're here,
she wouldn't need it anymore.
It could cause trouble if my dad finds out.
Understood, ma'am.
You heard her, right?
Come in with all the data.
Okay, sir.
Drink one each before you go out to work.
Let's get this done.
What's left is...
how Cheol Soo and Young Hee should sneak in.
I want to wear a lab coat and act intellectual too.
It's always Mr. Kim who gets to wear a white coat.
Do you want me to help you wear it?
Yes, is there any way?
Whom do you look for...
- when someone's sick? - A doctor.
When a plant is sick?
There's a doctor to treat plants?
Plant protection engineers...
analyze and distinguish the cause of...
crop diseases and vermination.
They prescribe chemicals based on their analysis.
It's a very important job position.
He needs patients to pay a visit.
They must be suffering from their illness by now.
It's around time they call me.
Yes, Dr. Han.
Really?
I know a famous engineer...
who can revive even dead orchids,
but he's very busy.
I'll ask if he has time...
and call you again. Bye.
What was that call about?
He's Dr. Han,
and he's well-known among orchid specialists.
They're looking for an orchid doctor...
at the secretary's office of the Taeyang chairman.
Me?
Is it a coincidence...
that the orchids are sick at a perfect timing?
Ms. Jang.
You're too naive.
There's no such thing as coincidence in this world.
That's called Sumonzan.
It was discovered in Niigata, Japan in 1933.
It's quite rare,
so it's tens of thousands of dollars per each.
What? That one?
But that looks like a bud...
growing from a leftover onion in a fridge.
Because you don't know how it becomes.
Its leaves grow to have a tiger pattern.
That's totally my style.
Chairman Cha only collects rare orchids.
I bought one more...
and sent him as a gift while I was buying mine.
Are you here to deliver the orchid?
Yes, but it's expensive,
so I have to deliver it myself.
I'm the secretary of the chairman's office.
Give it to me.
Can you sign here then?
Here.
And I put a nice fertilizer...
on it for free.
Sumonzan.
Its name stands for a mountain...
that protects the door.
This precious orchid...
will keep my greenhouse safe.
Chloroethylphosphonic acid.
It's also called ethephon.
It releases ethylene gas.
Ethylene gas?
It catalyzes the aging of plants.
It's often found in apples and bananas.
So people don't keep them with other fruits.
What? Gosh.
So the gas has the effect on the orchid as well?
Of course.
Orchids are delicate plants.
I'm sure their leaves are drooping by now.
All right.
Shall we begin?
Mr. Kim, good job.
Not bad.
You two have met Chairman Joo before, right?
Yes, a few times.
Me too.
Go home, get dressed,
and meet me at the funeral.
He should have...
as many visitors as possible,
so that people think he led a good life.
Go get changed, and come right to the funeral.
Yes, sir.
What are you talking about?
There's a black suit and tie in my closet.
Get them ready.
I'm on my way now.
Why is she making so much fuss?
Is she excited that a mere employee like me...
is going to a chairman's funeral?
What is it?
What?
You were spacing out just now.
What's it about?
Nothing.
Can you give me a ride to my house?
Mr. Choi, where are you going?
Yes, I suddenly have to go to a funeral.
I told the lobby about you.
Can you leave the files in my room now, or later?
No, I'll leave it in there today.
Don't worry about it.
Sure, Mr. Choi.
Okay.
Mad Dog is out.
We're on our own for tonight's plan.
What's going on?
He suddenly has to go to a funeral.
A funeral?
President Joo's funeral?
Why would Mr. Choi get invited there?
He is a man of competence,
but he's not powerful enough to be there.
You're right.
Something is fishy.
I'm Doctor Kim of Hoban Plant Center.
I'm his assistant, Kim Cheol Su.
Thanks.
The chairman's room has radio jamming...
when the president isn't in his room.
Mr. Kim, Cheetah,
we can't communicate in the greenhouse.
Don't worry. We have Ms. Jang.
Ms. Jang, keep an eye on us,
and when something happens,
you can shout, "Help me."
Help me, my foot.
Both of your lives are in my hands.
(Taeyang Insurance)
I'm Doctor Kim of Hoban Plant Center.
I'm his assistant, Kim Cheol Su.
Yes, I've been expecting you.
Hello.
Goodness, Ms. Jang.
I got some of your favorite black tea.
Give me a moment.
This way, please.
- Sure. - Sure.
Can you revive it?
You have to.
I'm not sure.
It's not the lack of water,
excessive moisture,
or a ventilation problem.
Doctor Kim.
Don't you think it's mold or germs?
- It's a virus. - A virus?
This is bad.
Don't worry about it.
Hoban Plant Center will...
check the entire facility for you.
Should we use some medicine as well?
Deep into the roots.
Yes, please make sure you get everything.
What's going on?
An orchid Chairman Cha loves is sick.
You should take care of it...
before he comes back.
It'll be okay for today.
Didn't you see the news?
President Joo Jung Pil passed away.
Which one do you want?
Earl Grey? Breakfast tea?
Let's go with Earl Grey.
It's weird, isn't it?
What is?
A mere employee of his partner company...
is heading over to the chairman's funeral.
It is weird.
Why? Is something going on again?
(Jo Han Wu)
Aren't you going to take it?
I told you not to call me.
I'll just pay you back for the beef soup.
Kang Woo, right now...
What?
- Turn the car around. - What?
Turn the car around.
Turn the car around!
He told him not to touch the fertilizer bucket.
Then shall we touch it?
Where could it be?
Hello.
The chief mourner shouldn't be out here.
My dad's best friend just came.
Of course I have to come and greet you.
I think you were just curious to see my face.
- Pardon? - You're out here...
because you wanted to see...
how I would react when I heard the news...
about my greenhouse getting robbed.
In the claims settlement file of the accident...
of flight 801 which happened 2 years ago,
I did not see a record of the black box.
What do you mean?
I needed to see a copy of the black box,
but it's missing from the case file.
This can be problematic during an inspection.
I was wondering if I may obtain...
a copy of the black box unofficially.
I'll send it to you.
Thank you, Vice President Joo.
Mr. Choi Kang Woo.
Do you want to find the black box?
Then you need find the real thing.
(Chairman Cha Joon Kyu)
Why is he asking for the black box?
What are you talking about?
You should ask Mr. Choi Kang Woo.
Is this some kind of comedy?
You have the original file.
You didn't lose...
the original file, did you?
Stop your nonsense...
and just clampdown on mine.
Okay. Don't worry,
Chairman Cha.
Stop trying to play a game,
and bring my stuff.
You aren't...
the owner of JH yet.
Hong Joo.
What if Mr. Choi finds out...
that you made...
his family get on that flight?
I didn't know.
Of course you didn't know Flight 801 was weak.
But...
you did know...
that we had a deficient airplane.
You let us get into an insurance contract...
knowing that we had deficient airplanes.
So what?
So if Mr. Choi finds out...
It's all right.
I'll catch the dog...
before he finds out.
What were you talking to him about?
Nothing much.
Great job on setting up a trap.
This is Ko Jin Chul's file,
and I'm missing some documents.
The person in charge was...
Jang Ha Ri.
Ms. Jang was in charge of Ko Jin Chul's case.
Yes, it was Ms. Jang.
Then you should call her.
If she has any other documents she took out,
tell her to bring them back.
Yes, Director Cha.
Why did you call...
Mr. Choi here?
- You can catch him... - Kang Woo...
really loves his juniors.
He'll back down...
and lie down flat to save his juniors,
and he'll bring me...
Hyun Ki's stuff just as I say.
We're from Intellectual Crime Unit...
of Daemyeong Police Station.
We received a report...
about a break-in on the 20th floor.
We were told to take care of this quietly.
Please come in.
I have to go to the bathroom. Excuse me.
Sure.
Something is really weird.
Get them.
Mr. Choi.
- Get out. - Mr. Choi.
Get out of here!
(Mad Dog)
Not Mad Dog.
It'll cause too much damage.
It was a trap.
Mr. Choi. What are you doing?
Mr. Choi!
Stay put?
I'm putting a leash on a mad dog.
Be more dangerous, punk.
That way they'll know we're mad dogs.
It must've been Kang Woo.
I used to like him.
But you sent him away.
I think he's making things big.
Should I catch the dog?
Until the work is done,
until I come to you,
I won't get killed.
Min Joon, you punk.